Adding a note about updating `paginationTemplate` (#1425)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/general/update_guide.md

For example: if you are updating from version 6.2.4 to 7.1.0 you'd start from the "From 6.x .." section apply those changes and work your way up:

> ### From 8.0.x to 8.1.x

Reviewer: _You can extend to the following with better wording (taken from the changelog and new samples fro paginator):_

`igx-paginator` component is introduced and is used in the grids as well is used in the grid components
Have in mind that if you have set the `paginationTemplate`, you may have to modify your CSS to display the pagination correctly. This is due to the fact that some CSS rules (like display: flex) were removed and now you might need to add them manually.
The style should be something similar to:

```html
<igx-grid #grid [data]="data" [paging]="true" [perPage]="10" [paginationTemplate]="pager">
</igx-grid>
<ng-template #pager>
    <div class="pagination-container"></div>
</ng-template>
```

```css
.pagination-container {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
}

For example: if you are updating from version 6.2.4 to 7.1.0 you'd start from the "From 6.x .." section apply those changes and work your way up:

### From 8.0.x to 8.1.x

> * The `igx-paginator` component is introduced and is used as a standalone component as well is used in the grid components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `igx-paginator` component is introduced as a standalone component and is also used in the Grid components.
```

> Have in mind that if you have set the `paginationTemplate`, you may have to modify your CSS to display the pagination correctly. This is due to the fact that some CSS rules (like `display: flex`) were removed and now you might need to add them manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that if you have set the `paginationTemplate`, you may have to modify your CSS to display the pagination correctly. This is due to the fact that the template is no longer applied under a paging-specific container with CSS rules to center content, so you might need to add them manually.
```
